copy-edit-topic-intro-to-google-collab (#560)
Umuzi-org/ACN-syllabus: content/topics/data-science-specific/intro-to-google-colab/_index.md

title: Google Colab for Data Science
---

> You should only need this if you complete the Data Science Bootcamp on your android device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should only need this if you are completing the Data Science Bootcamp on your android device.
```
